"script": "node server.js", //npm start
"server": "nodemon server.js" //npm run server

app.listen() in Express is like telling your app to start listening for visitors on a specific address and port, much like how Node listens for connections. 
The app, created by `express()`, is just a handy function that handles different types of requests, making it easy to serve both HTTP and HTTPS versions of your app without extra complexity.


// ALL ABOUT MORGAN PACKAGE
Morgan is another HTTP request logger middleware for Node. js. It simplifies the process of logging requests to your application.
The Morgan package in the MERN (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js) stack is actually a middleware for Express.js. It helps with logging HTTP requests, making it easier to debug and analyze server-side activities. 
Morgan logs information about incoming requests, such as the HTTP method, URL, status code, response time, and more.
It's a handy tool during development to keep track of what's happening in your backend. 
You can customize the logging format and choose whether to log to the console, a file, or another destination. 
It's not necessary for the basic functioning of your MERN app, but it's a useful addition for debugging and monitoring purposes.


// What does CORS package do?
Sol : This is done to avoid Cross Origin Error .

//Why does Cross Origin Error occurs?
Sol : Agr aap ek server se dusre ko connect krenge jaise ki humare paas ek port 8080 hai aur dusra port 3000 hai toh ho sakta hai ki connect krte time 
koi origin se related error aa jaye. Is cheez ko prevent krne ke liye hum CORS package install krte hain.

//React-helmet
-> This is used for SEO i.e Search Engine Optimisation. Using this we can create reusable meta tags

// SEE useState of Ajay Juneja on Youtube

// Register Page me hum frontend pe saara data dete hain toh use server pe pahunchana hoga by communicating with it. So to communicate with the server
we use axios package. By using axios package we frontend can communicate with backend.

//axios ek package hai node packet manager me (npm) . Ye package external url or api ko hit krne ka kaam krta hai. Jab hum apne app me hain toh
woh saari app ki urls ko internal url kahenge aur app ki bahar ki urls ko external urls kahenge.

What is axios?
Axios is lightweight package and used to make HTTP requests in any Javascript library like React,Angular or Vue. Axios make it easy to send
asynchronous HTTP requests to REST endpoints and perform CRUD operations. If you use Fetch method in Javascript , Axios is the "Easy to use" Version of Fetch.

What are the advantages of using axios over fetch?
Ans - In fetch we obtain the data in res and then we have to parse it in JSON but if we use axios we get the data already present in JSON format.
Eg: 
USING FETCH =>
const res=await fetch("https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/posts");
const data=await data.json();

//toastify package is for beautiful notifications

What is the use of useNavigate()?
Ans -> useNavigate tb use kiya jaata hai jb koi kaam pura ho jaaye aur phir user ko dusre page pe apne aap se redirect kr diya jaaye.
For eg = agr user signup krleta hai toh apne aap use login page pe redirect kr diya jaaya ya fir login ke baad user ko home page pe redirect kr diya jaaye apne aap.

Local Storage me JSON data support nahi krta isliye hum use string me convert krke daalte hain i.e stringify function use krte hain

Slugify - this replaces white spaces with replacement character.


What is the difference between req.params and req.body?
Ans -> req.params
req.params is for the route parameters, not your form data.
This property is an object containing properties mapped to the named route “parameters”. For example, if you have the route /user/:name, then the “name” property is available as req.params.name. This object defaults to {}.

req.body
Contains key-value pairs of data submitted in the request body. By default, it is undefined, and is populated when you use body-parsing middleware such as body-parser and multer.
